Test Description
================

i1 - i23	Each one of these files verifies parsing of different features
		in the ipf.conf file. Each file contains a cluster of rules
		that verify parsing of similarly related features.

f1 - f30	Firewall tests. These tests verify that filtering works.

f1		Simple rules that match all packets
f2		Verify that filtering by protocol works
f3		Verify that specifying a from address works
f4		Verify that specifying a to address works
f5		Verify that filtering on the source port works.
		Each of the operations that allows a port number
		to be compared must be tested here.
f6		Verify that filtering on the source port works.
		Each of the operations that allows a port number
		to be compared must be tested here.
f7		Verify that filtering on the icmp type works
f8		Verify that filtering on TCP flags works
f9		Verify that positive filtering on IP options works
f10		Verify that negative filtering on IP options works
f12		Verify firewall behaviour with "short fragment" packets
f13		Verify the behaviour of "keep frags" and "keep state"
f14		Verify filtering with negative IP address matching
f16		Skip rules. To be removed.
f18		Verify using accounting rules with firewall rules
f19		Verify stateful filtering behaviour with a limit
f21		Verify filtering on ICMP types allowed with stateful filtering
		for state built with outbound packets
f22		Verify filtering on ICMP types allowed with stateful filtering
		for state built with inbound packets
f24		Verify stateful filtering for UDP with fragments
f26		Verify stateful filtering behaviour when specifying a limit
		on the number of sources and source netmask (text input)
f27		Verify stateful filtering behaviour when specifying a limit
		on the number of sources and source netmask (hex input)
f30		Verify stateful filtering when packets have IP options
--------------------------------

n1 - n18	These tests verify that the various aspects of NAT
		functionality work.

n1		Verify simple address translation for outbound packets
n2		Verify outbound address translation with port translation too
n3		Verify outbound address translation using automatic port range
		assignment for network to network translation
n4		Verify inbound address translation, including changing the
		destination port number
n5		Verify that the presence of "from-to" works in map rules
n6		Verify that the presence of "from-to" works in rdr rules
n7		Verify that specifying a range of matching destination ports
		works for inbound translation. Also test splitting packets
		across two destination address for inbound.
n8		Verify that mapping network A to network B for outbound
		packets works
n9		Verify that redirection network A to network B for inbound
		packets works
n10		Verify that mssclamp works with outbound translation
n11		Verify that bimap works between networks and hosts
n12		Verify that using 0/32 syntax works when used  with port
		translation
n13		Verify that setting a range of destination addresses in a
		map rule works
n14		Verify that when redirecting inbound packets to a pair of
		addresses that the "sticky" behaviour works
n15		Verify that redirecting one destination port to multiple ports
		works
n16		Verify that redirecting a specific address/port pair to another
		address/port pair works
n17		Verify bimap???
n18		Verify port mapping
--------------------------------
